IMPORTANT, PLEASE READ CAREFULLY. THIS IS A LICENSE AGREEMENT

This Authorize.net for WordPress is protected by copyright laws and
international copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property
laws and treaties. This Authorize.net for WordPress is licensed, not
sold.

End User License Agreement

This End User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between
you (either an individual or a single entity) and Maintain Fit LLC with
regard to the copyrighted Software (herein referred to as "Authorize.net
for WordPress" or "SOFTWARE") provided with this EULA.   The
Authorize.net for WordPress includes computer software, the associated
media, any printed materials, and any "online" or electronic
documentation. Use of any software and related documentation
("Software") provided to you by Maintain Fit LLC in whatever form or
media, will constitute your acceptance of these terms, unless separate
terms are provided by the software supplier, in which case certain
additional or different terms may apply. If you do not agree with the
terms of this EULA, do not download, install, copy or use the Software.
By installing, copying or otherwise using the Authorize.net for
WordPress, you agree to be bound by the terms of this EULA.  If you do
not agree to the terms of this EULA, Maintain Fit LLC is unwilling to
license the Authorize.net for WordPress to you.

1.  Eligible Licensees. 
This Software is available for license solely to SOFTWARE owners, with
no right of duplication or further distribution, licensing, or sub-
licensing.  IF YOU DO NOT OWN THE SOFTWARE, THEN DO NOT DOWNLOAD,
INSTALL, COPY OR USE THE SOFTWARE.
 
2.  License Grant.  
Maintain Fit LLC grants to you a personal, non- transferable and non-
exclusive right to use the copy of the Software provided with this EULA.
You agree you will not copy the Software except as necessary to use it
on a single computer. You agree that you may not copy the written
materials accompanying the Software. Modifying, translating, renting,
copying, transferring or assigning all or part of the Software, or any
rights granted hereunder, to any other persons and removing any
proprietary notices, labels or marks from the Software is strictly
prohibited.  Furthermore, you hereby agree not to create derivative
works based on the Software.  You may not transfer this Software.

3.  Copyright.  
The Software is licensed, not sold.  You acknowledge that no title to
the intellectual property in the Software is transferred to you. You
further acknowledge that title and full ownership rights to the Software
will remain the exclusive property of Maintain Fit LLC and/or its
suppliers, and you will not acquire any rights to the Software, except
as expressly set forth above. All copies of the Software will contain
the same proprietary notices as contained in or on the Software. All
title and copyrights in and to the Authorize.net for WordPress
(including but not limited to any images, photographs, animations,
video, audio, music, text and "applets," incorporated into the
Authorize.net for WordPress), the accompanying printed materials, and
any copies of the Authorize.net for WordPress, are owned by Maintain Fit
LLC or its suppliers.  The Authorize.net for WordPress is protected by
copyright laws and international treaty provisions.  You may not copy
the printed materials accompanying the Authorize.net for WordPress.

4.  Reverse Engineering.  
You agree that you will not attempt, and if you are a corporation, you
will use your best efforts to prevent your employees and contractors
from attempting to reverse compile, modify, translate or disassemble the
Software in whole or in part. Any failure to comply with the above or
any other terms and conditions contained herein will result in the
automatic termination of this license and the reversion of the rights
granted hereunder to Maintain Fit LLC.

5.  Disclaimer of Warranty. 
The Software is provided "AS IS" without warranty of any kind. Maintain
Fit LLC and its suppliers disclaim and make no express or implied
warranties and specifically disclaim the warranties of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose and non- infringement of third-party
rights. The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the
Software is with you. Neither Maintain Fit LLC nor its suppliers warrant
that the functions contained in the Software will meet your requirements
or that the operation of the Software will be uninterrupted or error-
free. Maintain Fit LLC IS NOT OBLIGATED TO PROVIDE ANY UPDATES TO THE
SOFTWARE.

6.  Limitation of Liability. 
Maintain Fit LLC's entire liability and your exclusive remedy under this
EULA shall not exceed the price paid for the Software, if any.  In no
event shall Maintain Fit LLC or its suppliers be liable to you for any
consequential, special, incidental or indirect damages of any kind
arising out of the use or inability to use the software, even if
Maintain Fit LLC or its supplier has been advised of the possibility of
such damages, or any claim by a third party.

7.  Rental.  
You may not loan, rent, or lease the SOFTWARE.  

8.  Upgrades.  
If the SOFTWARE is an upgrade from an earlier release or previously
released version, you now may use that upgraded product only in
accordance with this EULA.  If the Authorize.net for WordPress is an
upgrade of a software program which you licensed as a single product,
the Authorize.net for WordPress may be used only as part of that single
product package and may not be separated for use on more than one
computer.

9.  OEM Product Support. 
Product support for the Authorize.net for WordPress IS provided by
Maintain Fit LLC.  For product support, please contact Maintain Fit LLC.
Should you have any questions concerning this, please refer to the
address provided in the documentation.

10.  No Liability for Consequential Damages.  
In no event shall Maintain Fit LLC or its suppliers be liable for any
damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, incidental, direct,
indirect special and consequential damages, damages for loss of business
profits, business interruption, loss of business information, or other
pecuniary loss) arising out of the use or inability to use this
"Maintain Fit LLC" product, even if Maintain Fit LLC has been advised of
the possibility of such damages.  Because some states/countries do not
allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or
incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you.

11.  Indemnification By You.  
If you distribute the Software in violation of this Agreement, you agree
to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Maintain Fit LLC and its
suppliers from and against any claims or lawsuits, including attorney's
fees that arise or result from the use or distribution of the Software
in violation of this Agreement.

Maintain Fit LLC
PO Box 191078
Boise, ID 83719-1078
helpdesk@danielwatrous.com
